hey guys this truck here bringing you
another guide today will be mainly
talking about control module firing from
your players personally I found out the
best place from your play is to farm
control modules by in Tier one more
survival difficulty day is not very high
similar to a tier two survived war
normal Maps and once completing one 15
or 20 minute run you'll find yourself
with one with more control modules than
you know what to do with as you can see
in this run I'm using a rhino if it's
flamethrower the Ignace for fast clear
how you can use a variety of weapons
such as bradden mk1 brightened the legs
which are all personable purchasable
through aquarius in the market or any
other weapons which doesn't specialize
in slash damage as the newer shotgun
this dragoon is particularly weak
against cornea and infested especially
corrupted i will leave a link below for
you guys return to new damage 2.0 system
if you liked investigate for yourself
apart from control module family you
also rarely acquire full blueprints
which i got in the first 5 minute mark
in this video these formulas will save
you from wasting plan on buying formulas
from marketplace and spend them better
area such as oracle reactors that all
catalysts or rare mods additionally you
also find mag prime proper quite
regularly as she is probably the easiest
prime warframe to acquire out of the
three of accessible primes at the moment
i'll also link below the void drop rates
in that prime working links in the
description below if you're interested
in my opinion mag is one of strongest
early to mid-game wave killers as i will
show you in the video which i will play
soon featuring how to properly mod yu
mad prime the highest amount of control
modules are calls around twenty to
thirty modules you know 20 minute run
don't waste your time for me and there's
leah bosses for these easily attained
both control modules in the world if you
like this video please leave a comment
below and subscribe for more awesome
content till next time